---
title: "JD Burch for St. Jude 2024"
layout: post
date: 2024-08-28
image: /assets/images/St.-Jude-logo.png
headerImage: true
star: false
category: blog
description: My 2024 campaign to help cure childhood cancer.
---

<center><strong>It's basically September, which means it's time to help end childhood cancer. You can donate <a href="https://jdburch.com/2024">here</a>, and feel free to read my article below.</strong></center><br>

<p>For the third year in a row, I am seeking to raise loads of money for the wonderful team over at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital during the month of September (Childhood Cancer Awareness Month). Their mission is simple: to make sure no child dies of cancer. This may be the most noble of any cause. Not only do they research and treat children, but they also share ALL findings across the world, for free. They are not just trying to cure children with cancer in America, but the entire world. Their partners all work together day in and day out to research cures, as well as help their patients. </p>

<p>The St. Jude’s staff understand the trials and hardships that having a child with cancer causes. Many of their staff have been through it before themselves. This is why they seek to minimize the impact of a diagnosis as much as they can. They have a huge facility to completely take care of a patient AND their family. They help provide housing, food, and recreational activities to the families of the patients, all while attentively treating the patient. Because the cost of cancer treatment itself is enormous, they NEVER send a bill. Their work is free of charge and entirely supported by donations from people like you and me.</p>

<p>I am honored to have the support of all of you in my efforts to help raise funds. I highly encourage you to donate, even if it’s only $1. Every single penny helps. Additionally, check with your employer about employer matching. Many employers (like mine at Best Buy!) will match all or part of your donation!</p>

<p>During my first year campaigning, I raised slightly over $600. Last year, we made huge strides by raising over $1,500, bringing the lifetime total to $2,146.01! This year, I am aiming big. This year, I am hoping to raise $2,000. Please donate if you can, and share the link with your friends and family at jdburch.com/2024.</p>

<p>In the past, I have used my lawn mowing business to provide incentives to donate in the form of “Lawn Mowing Dedications”. If you wish to see a video of that, click <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YcsOaQoDqU">here</a>.</p>

<p>This year, now that I am in college at the University of Michigan, I am no longer running JD’s Lawn Mowing Service. I have some different incentives. Everyone knows college students are among the snarkiest of all people. I will use this skill (that I am EXTREMELY gifted with) to roast a technology purchase (or ANY purchase!) that you have made. Simply select the reward and leave a comment in the donation area about the item you want me to roast and if you would prefer the roasting to be public or private. I want to wish a big thank you to my friend, Tony, for the great reward suggestion!</p>

<p>A donation of $10 (or more!) will earn a roast of which I am strictly the author. A donation of $20 or more will earn a roast that I author, but then feed into ChatGPT to enhance and provide even more roasts than even I could ever imagine!</p>

<p>As always, if you prefer not to have a reward and wish simply to donate, we absolutely welcome ALL support toward this great mission (no matter how big or small).</p>

<p>Thank you so much for your consideration! I look forward to seeing all of us work together for this amazing cause for the third year straight!</p>
